Add docs about setting up MQTT broker for K8s/Docker (#807)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/install/local/README.md

    ```

2. Create a mosquitto.conf file with the following values:
    ```
    per_listener_settings false
    allow_anonymous false
    listener 1883 0.0.0.0
    listener 1884 0.0.0.0
    protocol websockets
    auth_plugin /mosquitto/go-auth.so
    auth_opt_backends http
    auth_opt_hasher bcrypt
    auth_opt_cache true
    auth_opt_auth_cache_seconds 30
    auth_opt_acl_cache_seconds 90
    auth_opt_auth_jitter_second 3
    auth_opt_acl_jitter_seconds 5
    auth_opt_http_host 172.17.0.1
    auth_opt_http_port 3000
    auth_opt_http_getuser_uri /api/broker/auth-client
    auth_opt_http_aclcheck_uri /api/broker/auth-acl
    ```

    You will need to customise the values to match your local configuration:
     - `auth_opt_http_host` value to match the IP address of either the docker0 interface or the external IP address of the host machine
     - `auth_opt_http_port` if you have changed the port the forge platform is running on

3. Start the container with the following command
    ```
    docker run -d -v /full/path/to/mosquitto.conf:/etc/mosquitto/mosquitto.conf -p 1883:1883 -p 1884:1884 -n flowforge-broker iegomez/mosquitto-go-auth
    ```

>     This will map the `1883`/`1884` ports to the host machine so they can be accessed by the 

Reviewer: Incomplete sentence....

```suggestion
    This will map the `1883`/`1884` ports to the host machine so they can be accessed outside of the container. If you already have an MQTT broker running on port 1883, then you'll need to modify the `-p` options to use a different set of ports. For example: `-p 9883:1883 -p 9884:1884`.
```
